#For boolean values, use 0 or 1. For int values, use the int, further instructions available in the menu if you aren't running headless.
ignoreCleansing 0 #boolean
applyAutoRunPatch 0 #boolean
applyNoDSSGlitchPatch 0 #boolean
applyAllowSpeedDash 0 #boolean
breakIronMaidens 0 #boolean
lastKeyRequired 0 #int
lastKeyAvailable 0 #int
applyBuffFamiliars 0 #boolean
applyBuffSubweapons 0 #boolean
applyShooterStrength 0 #boolean
doNotRandomizeItems 0 #boolean
RandomItemHardMode 0 #boolean
halveDSSCards 0 #boolean
countdown 0 #boolean
subweaponShuffle 0 #boolean
noMPDrain 0 #boolean
allBossesRequired 0 #boolean
dssRunSpeed 0 #boolean
skipCutscenes 0 #boolean
skipMagicItemTutorials 0 #boolean